+++
date = 2016-11-30T13:54:53Z
title = "like"
+++
Nothing is more important than family and children. People don't need to be famous. I'd rather spend my life in the countryside tending sheep and horses with the people I love. But sometimes, the people I love might like to hang out with other people too lol.   
   
You want to go to the beach to play the guitar, but your girlfriend wants to go to a crowded place to party. You say you want to live a nomadic life, but your girlfriend says there's nothing in the countryside. She likes the glamorous life of the city.   
   
So, passion is everything in life. It doesn't matter the type of life you have, but if you can enjoy it in the city, you should enjoy it in the countryside too. People who don't have passion are just pursuing things, but they don't have true refinement. There was an old Chinese saying, "No need to ask for quality, only to have high quality." It means that if you stop pursuing things, you will naturally become refined.   
   
So the last idea of ​​"nomadic life" is no good either. It's another consciousness after all. As long as consciousness exists, there will always be conflict. If you can accept temple life, what's wrong with living in the busiest area?   
   
People have completely forgotten that. You don't have to be conscious of anything anymore, that's the function of art. If you're just expressing yourself, you might not be able to connect with the audience, but on the other hand, if you try to please people and don't express what you want to express, that's counterproductive. Good art is always somewhere in between.     
   
In my mind, you're still 16 lol ^ - ^ What should I do, your prose is really good.   
   
Maybe it's because I'm so easily satisfied, haha, I've written about 200 songs using triads... it's like I've been eating the same thing for ages. But if Bach knew, he'd probably look down on me.     
     
For me, music is just a tool to release my emotions... I don't know if saying this is tarnishing music itself, but... so when I see Rui-chan taking music and life so seriously, I'm really moved haha. My life is colorless, but yours is super colorful, I'm really jealous. Do you understand?   
   
Then I have feelings like first love for "Heavenly Magnet". Maybe you can't understand, because for you it's normal to write songs like this, because I can't write songs like this. I'm such a self-centered person, I don't believe in fate. I only believe in doing everything by myself, that's how I used to be.   
   
My first time at D45 was May 27, 2024. Suga was the only one at D45 that night...it felt like he'd been sitting there waiting for me for a century. I decided to sing for him, paid him first, and said "For you" and then sang "Me too". He clapped. That was my first time performing in Osaka, my first time playing lol.   
   
I thought the joy of D45 could not be replicated, and could not be replaced anywhere else. I have been to the Potala Palace in Lhasa, but D45 has a transcendental temperament, it's like a temple. Maybe one day the productivity will develop greatly, but at that time I may not be as happy as I am now. I can say this with confidence.   
   
If I accidentally kissed someone, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to and I laughed it off. But at the time, my whole body was filled with sexual desire... and I think that percussion is essentially about sex. Well, that might be a bit vulgar to say.   
   
I've always thought of music as a way to save energy. Without music I would have gone crazy already, because my desires were too big. At this very moment, I still have a bruise on the first joint of my middle finger. Probably because I put too much emotion into that Thai-made D45 concha. If I didn't tell you, sometimes after a performance my hands have to rest for a week. That's why my fingertips are so thick...   
   
I think that even the simplest rhythm has a completely different meaning. Just like two notes with the exact same pitch have completely different information. This is completely different from the traditional principles of information science. The meaning of a note today is given by the notes before and after it. Music itself is a sequence. When I was a kid, I liked math the most... and I even won an award for it lol.   
   
So when I found out you had a song called "Prime Number Woman," I was really surprised. I thought Rui-chan was a prime number itself - you have no common denominators with anyone else haha.   
   
I decided to bake 10 more "Ruimo" because yesterday's 7 were gone in a flash and I didn't have enough. I want to say that releasing this album is just a representation of how I personally understand these 9 songs. It may be deep or shallow, but it doesn't represent everyone's opinion, and it doesn't mean how high the music level of this album is. I don't care what other people think of this album. What I enjoy is the process of arranging these songs, because they are all my favorite songs ^ - ^   
   
When I'm arranging, I often think about things like, "I wish there was a live electric guitar here," or, "I wish we could record this part live with a band that has at least 50 drums." In my heart, I hope that the arrangements on this album will be the best in the history of world music. It's like inviting top musicians from all over the world to play in a stadium that can hold 50,000 people, just like Yanni's band. I'm facing every single note on this album with this standard, but my technique is still amateurish lol.   
   
I think the girl knows what I do during my work hours... she may not know what the word "mastering" means, but she probably doesn't care. Her company wants to get into the anime industry, and anime can't exist without music, right? So she wants me to improve my musical skills a little. Her subordinates, the driver and the HR manager, also look at my Facebook and Instagram, and one day the HR said... his friend opened a bar, so why don't you go and sing there? I said, "Sure." And I've already thought about it, I want to sing my own songs. The job I envy the most is like Nintendo's Masato Yokota... he composes and arranges Switch games every day, like Mario. But I'm a software engineer graduate, so this is my father's influence. I can't help it~   
   
My first meeting with Mai Kitamura happened to happen on the 6th. It was the night of your live performance, "Sing a Song, Rui." Mai invited me to dinner on Instagram, and I immediately accepted. But deep down, I was wary that this might be a trap.   
   
The reason is that my Japanese is still not good enough. If we were to go out to eat, we would need to talk, right? But I wasn't confident that I could continue the conversation with my current level of Japanese, and I was worried about what I would do if the situation became awkward. I can't use the translation app on my smartphone that often (lol). When I think about it like that, there's a high chance that this date will end in failure. We might never meet again, and it was a very funny turn of events.   
   
After dinner together, I thought about taking her to D45. Then, there's a stage, so I can sing. I'm not that good at singing, but I thought it would be a good accent for a date. It's no good not doing anything, right? (laughs)   
   
Returning to D45, I thought I would ask Tadayan-san and Katayama-chan for their opinion. However, Tadayan-san made a gesture of handshake, indicating that he wanted to make new friends. However, I didn't understand the meaning of it. Meeting Mai Kitamura was special, so a handshake alone couldn't fully express our feelings. Then Jack-san said he was closing D45, so that option disappeared. However, at 5pm that day, I ate another plate of curry from D45. This was very important. I needed energy, so I was prepared to take the risk of hyperglycemia.   
   
20 minutes before we met, I bought a bottle of sake at Don Quijote. I specifically chose the lemon-flavored sake that SWAN had at your CASETA concert. I hoped it would bring me good luck. Then, when I headed to the meeting place, there were at least three karaoke places nearby, which not only served sake but also food. Then I had an idea: why not eat at a karaoke place? It was a practical decision, not exactly romantic. It would avoid the weaknesses of my Japanese and still maintain the semblance of a meal, so we could talk as little as possible (laughs).   
   
When I met her, she was wearing high heels. They were about 8cm high, sparkling and galaxy-like. When she asked me where to eat, I suggested a karaoke place. She happily agreed. (Maybe she expected me to say that, but I can't stop laughing!)   
   
After that, I sang Shinji Tanimura's "Tooku de Kifue wo Kikinagara", Ami Ozaki's "Olivia wo Kikinagara", Hikaru Utada's "First Love", and Michael Jackson's "Heal the World". I'm truly grateful to you all for teaching me how to sing these songs. In the end, I only drank wine at the KTV and didn't eat anything, but that was a reflection of my feelings of being "too happy to forget to eat". And when I look back on the large serving of curry rice I had at D45, I can't help but feel that it had a special meaning.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E9%81%A0%E3%81%8F%E3%81%A7%E6%B1%BD%E7%AC%9B%E3%82%92%E8%81%9E%E3%81%8D%E3%81%AA%E3%81%8C%E3%82%89.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Listening to a whistle in the distance" 💿 Lyrics: Shinji Tanimura | Music: Takao Horiuchi | Guitar: Kay  
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%82%AA%E3%83%AA%E3%83%93%E3%82%A2%E3%82%92%E8%81%B4%E3%81%8D%E3%81%AA%E3%81%8C%E3%82%89.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Listening to Olivia" 💿 Lyrics and music: Ozaki Ami | Guitar: Kay  
   
I'm proud of this decision. It's simple, but by no means ordinary. It feels like I'm tapping the simplest rhythm in Conca.   
   
I always think that, I don't know what the future will bring, but if two people have a chance to be together and don't cherish it or get busy with other things, when you try to reevaluate the value of that chance, it may become ten thousand times more valuable. The meal at KTV is just a little inspiration, but the important thing is that it's a proof of the connection that two people have in common! Such a moment is really special, and there is no greater happiness than that.   
   
Being together is everything, there are no other distractions. That's how it should be every minute, every second. Some people find meaning in making money, others in their family. But I want to pursue the meaning of "meaninglessness." You don't have to live for tomorrow, but you have to seize tonight. This isn't a theory, it's just best practice! Hahaha, that's how my story with Mai Kitamura began.   
   
Corn   
Lyrics and music: Da Mao   
   
The story begins   
Stars in the sky   
Blink    
Wave your hand   
Changed the color of the sky   
Like traveling to the moon    
   
I want to meet you   
I'm waiting   
I can't   
Already there   
Summer noise is warm   
In the sweet mouth   
   
Ask Me   
What is the most fun thing you do every day?   
what   
What on earth is this?   
Is that still being asked?   
   
Our   
Heartbeat   
Beyond the Galaxy   
Under the sun   
The rainbow shines   
   
I talk to you every day   
Corn   
So that the horses can eat   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%81%A8%E3%81%86%E3%82%82%E3%82%8D%E3%81%93%E3%81%97.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Corn" 💿 Lyrics and music: Oge  
   
I have to go to D45 today. I have to think about the arrangement of Blue Moment, go on a date with Mai, and also do a project for work... I don't have time to wash my clothes.   
   
I'd rather message you than go to D45. It's really fun to interact with you like this. To be honest, I don't like socializing at all. I like working alone and eating alone. Of course, I enjoy my work a lot and it doesn't tire me out at all. I really enjoy the process of my work, whether it's program development or arranging.   
   
I love arranging, and I've been doing it for over ten years. There's a master arranger called Mr. Wang living in a small town next door. He's a musician, and he makes a living by arranging and making music videos. So I gathered a lot of information about his studio, and finally had the opportunity, and I said, "I want you to teach me arranging." Then, he said, "The condition is that you work at my studio after you finish studying."   
   
I went to my teacher's studio. During the day, I helped him arrange songs for his clients, and at night, he went home to sleep, but I had to stay at the studio and keep practicing on my computer. At that time, my computer was an iMac, and the hosting software was Logic Pro. Mr. Wang said, "You have to start arranging with the drums first," and that I had to add the strings and bass a little early. I still remember that teacher's audio interface, which cost hundreds of thousands of yen.   
   
My mom tried to get me to learn the keyboard when I was four, but she gave up halfway through. It didn't last even six months. That's why I want Momoko to learn this instrument properly. The keyboard is very important in arranging. My piano accompaniment is really bad, so I have to cover it up by putting in the bass early. That puts a bit of a limit on my arranging.   
   
I really love live recordings of electric guitars. The intro, interlude, and riffs at the end of each measure are a classic pop arrangement style. Drums, electric bass, electric guitar, I think 80% of pop songs can be arranged in this style. It's like a military record book.   
   
Mr. Wang has a Fender electric guitar, which has a cream-colored body and a brown pickguard. Legend has it that the guitar costs more than 1 million yen. He likes to put in a lot of blues riffs at the end of the bars, and he uses live recordings of electric guitars. Once the arrangement is complete, he himself takes the Fender to the recording studio and records all the solos and riffs himself! That's why his arrangements are so expensive.   
   
I learned the classical way of arranging, which is "backing", writing harmonies, making a piano demo, recording a live vocal, arranging the bass and drums based on the vocal, arranging the strings and other tracks, recording a live electric guitar, mixing, mastering, and I call it "nine parts". The first "backing" means I copy the arrangement of other reference songs or other versions of the current song exactly.   
   
Wang often uses 7 and 11 strings. He demonstrated how to use the C11 string and also taught me a bit of music theory: C - G - B♭ - D - F, the third note of the C string (E) is omitted because it clashes with the eleventh note (F). Watching Wang insert the C11 string at the end of the song's introduction, I had to admit that the C11 does indeed add a lot to the richness and depth of the harmony.   
   
I think my improvisation skills are okay, but Mr. Wang praised me by saying, "If you were born 10 years ago, you might have become one of China's top music producers." LOL. He really appreciated it, and it was fun working in his studio. At that time, I really loved the sound of electronic instruments, and I couldn't resist adding synthesizers to any song lol.   
   
At that time, there were only five staff members in his studio. The roles were very clear. Two of us edited the music videos, one went out to do sales, Wang arranged the music himself, and I did simple arrangements and "backing". When I was working there, there was a pool on the floor below, and I got a membership card and went there every day to arrange music and swim. I was really fashionable when I was around 20 years old.   
   
He was really good friends with the sales department. He was in sales because he knew a lot of people. He found people who liked to sing, some of whom didn't compose but wrote lyrics, and he helped them compose songs for a fee. He also made accompaniments and MVs, and published them. After publishing, the songs were searchable on karaoke. That's how the studio worked.   
   
Today, I finished arranging Maimo. I used the style I used when I was 18. It's really funny. It's all electronic. It took about half a month from starting the project to completing the arrangement for this song. That's really what inspiration is like. Even if you want to write a song, it doesn't come together right away. Inspiration comes by chance, so you just have to wait. You can't force it. If you try to force yourself to write when you don't have inspiration, you won't get anywhere.   
   
So I think it's better to arrange several songs at the same time. That way, when you don't get inspired by one song, you can work on another one. If you don't get inspired by any song, just do some "backing" and do the work that doesn't require inspiration. That way you can keep working on it.   
   
We can complete the arrangements for the entire "Ruimo" album in a month. This work habit is important, in addition to my extreme self-control and my daughter's silent support. I write three or four songs at the same time and see the work as a whole. That way, inspiration doesn't relate to a specific song. Also, once inspiration comes, I let myself choose which song it goes in. Then my body becomes a complete tool for inspiration, there are no obstacles to inspiration, and I can directly translate food into music.   
   
So human consciousness is actually useless. In other words, the process of "thinking" doesn't actually exist. When you create something, you don't think about anything, you just eat food and wait for the results.   
   
Thanks to the lack of mental burden, our company's software development projects are the most efficient. Soros' book "The Burden of Mind" talks about exactly this. When I worked at my previous company, so-called "agile development" was popular, where each node of the work was decided in detail in advance and proceeded one by one. From big task Saga to medium-sized Epic, to small Task, it looks efficient on the surface, but in reality this way of working is inefficient. The problem is that the content of the work and its description are completely different. Good ideas often come in a moment of chance, and your consciousness can sometimes be destructive to inspiration. People who can't create can only do mechanical work because the noise of consciousness drowns out the "faint voice of inspiration that occurs by chance". That's why I've said before that everyone is a genius, but they're just making fun of themselves.   
   
Yesterday I saw Miyai Noriyuki's live performance at D45 and met Mr. Miyai Noriyuki. I was really lucky, it was a coincidence. Mai-chan and I had dinner in Umeda, and there were no more movies, so I suddenly decided to go to D45.   
   
Noriyuki Miyai thought it would be okay for me to accompany him on the conga, but Jack said, "Absolutely not," and K didn't let me on stage either. You see, since Mai-chan was with us, I wanted to show her my conga skills as a special favor. Noriyuki Miyai's live performance was really high quality! He didn't just sing while playing the guitar, he also added a drum machine and bass to some songs! The chord arrangements were really good. It was very satisfying to listen to, and Mai had a lot of fun.   
   
Then, I ended up going up on stage for the final encore, and it was hilarious. I played congas to Miyai Noriyuki's signature song "Let's go," and it was amazing. Mai-chan was so surprised. We left D45, and on the way home, Mai-chan said, "6,000 yen tickets aren't too expensive." I replied, "This concert has me playing congas, so even 60,000 yen tickets are cheap." lol.   
   
When I introduced Mai to K-san, K-san said "Bone fracture", which surprised Mai-chan a lot. On the way back, Mai and I took a leisurely walk from D45 back to Umeda, and I introduced her to the open mic at D45 and told her about Suga-san, JACK-san, and K-san. Then, I told her about Rui-chan's solo live on November 9th, and asked her if she wanted to join, and she agreed.   
   
Mai took me to a restaurant in Umeda for dinner and we had sashimi, which was really delicious with green mustard. I installed an app called "Live Club" on her iPhone. I'm really proud to have developed such a simple and easy-to-understand player. It has 200 to 300 songs that I created, and I think this is enough music for Mai to listen to for a while lol. I'm using a package name "com.kitamura" for a company project, but I might get fired if I get caught. But I don't care. When I write code every day, I'm really happy to see this package name, and that's enough for me. I just eat the same food every day, and if the conditions allow, I'll definitely eat vegetarian food.   
   
Mai-chan doesn't like being tied down, but she's an Aries, the same as Lady Gaga, and my father is also an Aries. She likes to control situations, and I support her, and I really love this feeling. I always think I'm in control of everything, but in Mai-chan's world I can play the supporting role, so it's really relaxing.   
   
Because I'm always having very stimulating experiences, if I don't get enough stimulation, it's a waste of time. I once went down a steep hill without brakes with two people on the back, and I was really careful because a momentary mistake could have been fatal. But I kept my balance and ran smoothly for about a kilometer. During this process, if I had any unnecessary thoughts, it would have been fatal, and I didn't need to feel like I was looking for stimulation. If I was looking for stimulation, I wouldn't get true stimulation. Just like measuring the speed of light, we can't know the actual speed of light, only the value we measured. Does light have a speed? What is light?   
   
JACK thinks I'm an amateur, but I've gotten used to just performing at a super high level. At one point in my life, I felt like my desires suddenly went out of control. In other words, my desires kept increasing and exceeded the range I could control with my consciousness, and no matter how I felt at the time, I couldn't control myself. Then, in the end, I just let go of my consciousness, like I was jumping off a cliff, but since coming to Japan, I don't feel that way anymore. Japan is a really elegant country, and everyone is always concerned about other people's feelings, so in any situation, it's rare to exceed the tolerance of others. But, as a price, if your desire to express yourself is suppressed for a long time, it becomes difficult to perform beyond the range of your consciousness. But this is the best dojo for me. Because I'm always trying to exceed my limits, I really need this strict self-control training.   
   
Today, I watched the recording of Miyai Noriyuki's solo live 2009, and I was really impressed by Miyai Noriyuki's lifestyle and singing style. He is a representative musician of Kagoshima, and I think he is the pride of Kagoshima. My favorite Japanese shochu, "Kurogiri", also comes from Kagoshima. But even if I were to live a life like Miyai Noriyuki, even if I were to tour the country every day and have several thousand people under the stage, I don't think I would be happier than I am now. Music could be a job for Momoko. I want Momoko to live a life like Miyai Noriyuki.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E8%8A%B1%E4%B8%80%E6%A0%B7%E7%9A%84%E5%B9%B8%E7%A6%8F-%E6%A1%83.mp3" >}} 
>###### 「Happiness like a flower」💿　Volkal: Peach   
   
I'm so happy when I go to D45 sometimes and have 10 minutes to play. Sometimes JACK and Suga stop me, but I don't care. Yesterday I played a song called "Let's go" with Noriyuki Miyai, and we were in perfect sync. It was like heaven made us. If I could complete this song, I wouldn't regret it even if I lost both my hands (I lost a gamble and got cut lol).   
   
Momoko's creativity is very high. She has much more inspiration than I do. Momoko is also very good at Japanese, and often gets close to perfect scores, but she's terrible at math, sometimes only getting 80 or 90 points. She's also talented at drawing and dancing, which her father doesn't have.   
   
However, Momoko's mom loves Japanese culture and always listens to Japanese songs. Her favorite artists are Mai Kuraki, Kenshi Yonezu, and Ringo Shiina. She always plays Japanese songs when she's driving, so Momoko can sing a lot of them. She's been watching Japanese anime since she was little, all because of her mom's influence. It has nothing to do with my influence, haha.   
   
Momoko lives in mainland China and is safe. My dad and mom take good care of her and her mom and support them financially. There is a lot of competition for jobs in China now, but since the one-child policy began in the early 1980s, most families could only have one child. As a result, the birth rate is now in the negative. I think that by the time Momoko grows up, the competition in society will not be so fierce and supply will exceed demand.   
   
Geographically speaking, China is safer than Japan. There aren't that many earthquakes, and the country is large. When I was young, I loved traveling, and I visited China from south to north and back again many times. When I went to Lhasa in Tibet, I had the most delicious curry rice. It was made in Lhasa using Tibetan yak milk, and Momoko's mom used two types of curry, one imported from Myanmar and one from Sri Lanka. I still can't forget the taste.   
   
When I was young, I wanted to eat curry from all over the world, but now I don't think like that anymore. If I occasionally eat the black curry at Matsuya downstairs, or happen to come across the "organic tomato curry" at D45, I'm satisfied with that. This means that I'm no longer young in my mind. I no longer actively pursue anything.   
   
Speaking of arranging, I sometimes remember Mr. Wang. He said that Logic Pro is the best arranging software. It's better than Cubase. So, before I went to his studio, I used FL Studio. FL Studio is very useful for making electronic music, especially when you want to dynamically change the parameters of the instrument during playback. However, compared to Logic Pro 11, it has a few fewer functions. In Mr. Wang's studio, I arranged with the Chinese version of Logic Pro, but now I can use the Japanese version directly. I don't understand most of the words in the software, but the reason I can do it is because I remember the position of the buttons, and the main shortcut keys of Logic Pro have never changed.   
   
When arranging for orchestra, I like to use the software called "EWQL Symphonic Orchestra Gold Edition". This software contains a full orchestral set of instruments, including strings, woodwinds, brass and percussion. It also supports various playing techniques such as bowing, percussion and trembling, allowing composers to simulate a real orchestral performance. The size of the software is several tens of GB!   
   
My teacher has very high demands on the sound, as you would expect from a Taurus. He pursues the realism of the sound, and has no interest in MIDI guitar sounds. He always records live electric guitars, and if necessary, he records interludes. But he often samples the bass and drums, because it's easier to arrange them that way. Top-level musicians sometimes go to American studios and invite world-class drummers to record live drum tracks, but you can imagine how much it costs to produce a song if they do that.   
   
That's why I like small music. I don't like big hit music. Because you have to make it to suit the tastes of the masses, to be accepted by the majority, so there's no freedom. At least, I don't allow that feeling when I write my songs, I don't want to be influenced by someone's aesthetic standards. Even if there's no audience, it doesn't matter. Is writing songs to satisfy someone? To woo a girl? To woo a boy?   
   
So, what is music? There is no definition for music itself. Music is like light. It's like a transparent container that can hold various colors. But remember, what is put in it is not music itself. It's like a smile is an expression, not joy itself. I don't think that I "create" music, we just "practice" music. Music is an arrangement of various colors, a custom rainbow, that's the definition I give 🌈   
   
While I was cycling on my way to work in the morning, the melody of "Blue Moment" was playing in my head. I thought that this song should be done with jazz drums and brushes. When I got to work, the first thing I did was open Logic Pro and listened to 20 or 30 drum sounds from the sound library. By the time I finally found a sound I liked, it was already 11 o'clock. So I put the arrangement of "Blue Moment" aside for the time being and went to see Tadayan's video from yesterday. After hearing the song "Mada Mada" once, I wanted to arrange it. So I started arranging it. I had lunch at noon and worked on arranging it until 8pm. I thought it would be no good to arrange this song as rock. The melody is too slow and there aren't many ups and downs. That's why I added a lot of string instruments. In reality, I only used one cello and one violin. When I finished arranging, it was already 8pm and I forgot about the time. 
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%81%BE%E3%81%A0%E3%81%BE%E3%81%A0.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Mada Mada" 💿 Lyrics and music: Tadayan | Arrangement: Oge   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/Once%20Upon%20A%20Time.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Once upon a time"💿 Lyrics and music: Tadayan | Arrangement: Oge   
   
Tadayan's arrangement of the song "Mada Mada" only uses seven tracks for the accompaniment. Drums, electric bass, a set of percussion, cello, violin, electric guitar, and a synthesizer marimba, but it still feels so rich. The strings resonate throughout the song, and I really like this feel. I feel like the cello and violin add "so much thickness" to the arrangement.   
   
In comparison, the arrangement of "Heaven's Magnet" is completely different. The melody of "Heaven's Magnet" is very prominent, so I made the accompaniment simpler and gave the melody more space. On top of that, I wanted to emphasize the "tinkling" sound of the magnets clashing in "Heaven's Magnet," so I thought it would be better not to use the orchestra too much. But in the case of "Not Yet," the melody has a bit of a "sloshing" folk feel, so the strings are very important. The strings push up the overall emotion like a wave, and have the effect of moving the whole song forward.   
   
It's a bit of a strange way to put your desires into the "shell" of a song and complete the arrangement, but it's interesting (laughs). Usually, you do it in order, but I can start from anywhere in a disorderly way. For example, I can write the strings of some bars in the middle first and then stretch them out, or I can create the interlude first and then think about the shape of the main and secondary lyrics. In other words, I don't have a "fixed method" and it all depends on my ears and one JBL earphone. I asked an earphone craftsman to make these for me when I was in China, and he can modify earphones. The craftsman works in an electronics factory and his hobby is collecting internal modules and outer shells of high-end earphones. He can make even broken earphones look like new. I was really surprised. So I bought two earphones, but I lost one of them on Mt. Fuji...   
   
Someday machines will be able to learn how to work like this ⚡️. Nowadays, programs are just written in sequence, right? Human consciousness and computer code are the same thing. Computers are designed that way because humans think that way. But such computers can only do "machine learning" and cannot do "machine thinking". The reason is that the "thinking" process is done unconsciously. If you write the code in sequence, it will never be realized even if you spend 10,000 years. From my point of view, the current ChatGPT is also a product of an ancient era. It is made by collecting "knowledge" from all over the world, but knowledge and wisdom are different things. Machines today do not have wisdom. But this is enough for me lol lol   
   
After all, isn't the process of composing itself about finding a beautiful piece of music from a chaotic pile of junk? At the bottom of our consciousness, our subconscious exists in a state of chaos. It's like the sun burning. If we believed that the subconscious was orderly, humans would be no different from current machines. It's like putting someone into a deep hypnotic state and convincing them that lemons are sweet. After waking up from the hypnosis, even if they eat a really sour lemon, they will still feel it is sweet. This is the program. "Lemons are sweet", this is the code!   
   
When we compose music, are we "creating" something? I don't think so. So-called "composition" is nothing more than a combination of twelve notes. You can combine them however you like, and there is absolute freedom, but the problem is, even if you really try "desperately" to combine these notes using your consciousness, you'll realize that "no matter how hard you try, it's useless." If human "consciousness" alone could create something, then at that point everyone in the world would already be super-intellectuals. In reality, creation relies on the unconscious, and consciousness is actually a hindrance. That's what I want to say.   
   
I think spending the rest of my life talking with you like this is the most romantic thing I can do. Human science and technology, and human history, are not of concern to me. I just want to complete the arrangement of "Blue Moment." But before that, I want to share a little bit about what I saw at Mt. Fuji. lol   
   
After living in Mt. Fuji for two months, I believe that one day machines will be able to have a "subconscious". They will have a great power of inspiration. And only the most traditional countries can develop the technology. America is violent and flashy. I "hate" America and I don't want to talk about China. But I think "hate" is better than "don't want to talk".   
   
All my diary entries are on this page. Rui-chan, come and see it whenever you want lol. Also, this site uses CI/CD technology for automated deployment. I just edit the text on my computer and press the push button, and it's reflected on the site right away. The whole process takes less than a minute. CI/CD stands for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment/Delivery. It's the core of modern software development. In addition, I also use CI/CD and Git version control for my music arrangement projects. All changes to instrument parameters and music scores are recorded in a Git repository, so I can revert to any version at any time. However, these repositories are private, so I can't make them public lol. But using software engineering techniques to create music has definitely improved my efficiency.   
   
This is more like a letter I wrote to you than a diary. Haha. It really feels like I'm writing a letter. But it's digital, I'm sending it on my phone, so it's a lot more efficient than a letter. But if I wrote it with paper and pen, you can see my handwriting, right? It feels better that way, and it comes with an envelope and a stamp. I like traditional things. I like old things, I don't like new things, and I don't want new friends lol.   
   
The arrangement of "blue moment" is "completed", so I think I'll take a break from arranging for a while haha. "Completed" here means that I won't add or subtract a single note from the song. Of course, this is just my subjective opinion, so everyone has their own standard for what "completed" is. For now, the "completed" songs are "Small Happiness", "Heaven's Magnet", "Moon", "Sky", "Firefly", "Kyoko's Chopping Board", "Summer of Happiness", "Gentle Shower", "Do-Mi-So Woman", "Moto-Kare", "Onikiri", and "Blue Moment", these are the 12 songs. You can always tweak this project, and I don't mind you revising it until you're satisfied.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E8%9B%8D.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Hotaru" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%82%82%E3%81%A8%E5%BD%BC.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Moto Kare" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%81%8A%E3%81%AB%E3%81%8E%E3%82%8A.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Onigiri" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%83%89%E3%83%9F%E3%82%BD%E3%81%AA%E5%A5%B3.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Do-Mi-So Woman" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E6%9C%88.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Moon" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E5%B0%8F%E3%81%95%E3%81%AA%E5%B9%B8%E3%81%9B.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Small Happiness" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/blue-moment.m4a" >}} 
>###### 「blue moment」💿　 Lyrics and music: るい | Arranger: Omao   
 
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E5%B9%B8%E3%81%9B%E3%81%AE%E5%A4%8F.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Happy Summer" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
   
I've been concentrating a lot on arranging for the past month. Except for when I was sleeping, I spent 80% of my time arranging lol. The rest of the time, I was watching Rui-chan's live videos (on youtube) and "backing" them lol. I also watched videos of master arrangers, studied orchestration, and learned drum arrangements.   
   
Speaking of sleep, I remember the legendary NBA player Kobe Bryant. He was a really amazing player, and apparently he only slept 4 hours a day and woke up at 4am to practice. In comparison, Shakyamuni Buddha only slept 2 hours a day, from 12am to 2am. I usually sleep about 8 hours, but lately I've only been sleeping about 6 hours on average lol.   
   
For the album "Ruimo", it takes me an average of 12 hours or more to arrange one song. This time does not include waiting for inspiration or watching videos, just the time spent using Logic Pro. Honestly, some of the work could be outsourced to an intern. If I had a studio, I would hire a boy or girl or two to keep "backing" like 20-year-old Oge. Some of the arranging work is not that difficult technically. I type the main melody into the Logic Pro project note by note while watching your and Tadayan's live videos, and this work alone often takes 1-2 hours.   
   
Going back to the topic, the arrangement I'm most satisfied with from these past two months is "Hoshizora Nikki" composed by Deko-chan. It uses the Chinese pipa as the main instrument, giving it an old-fashioned feel. I forgot that I had a national holiday that day, went to work early in the morning, and suddenly decided to arrange this song, but after the morning was over, the arrangement was completed smoothly. I think it was because I was so familiar with the melody.   
   
Constellation Diary   
Lyrics and music: Deko   
   
Small wound   
Penetrated by the wind   
The silent depths of night   
   
Around the world   
Only I   
Left behind   
   
The wind is still   
On cold days   
The clear light of the stars reaches   
   
To those words   
Being led by the hand   
Going uphill   
   
Flowing stream   
Sound from afar   
   
Forest Whispers   
When I open my eyes   
Planetarium   
   
A billion hours   
It has been surpassed   
Small grain   
Now in my heart   
   
Big World   
Now I'm wrapped up in   
Alive   
I am not alone   
   
there is nothing   
In the dark   
One world   
Bursting   
I was born   
We are all   
Connected   
   
Close your eyes   
I can hear   
With the sound of insects   
Song of the Trees   
our   
A place to return to   
I'm telling you softly   
   
Warm soil   
Someone smells   
Cultivated land   
This place where I'm standing   
   
As far as the eye can see   
Scattered   
Stardust   
Picking up the pieces   
   
Shining brightly   
That Five Star   
My name's   
In the constellation   
let's   
    
A faint sound   
My Heartbeat   
On this earth   
Deep Roots   
    
Starting from scratch   
A new tomorrow   
The world   
The future   
Entrusted to the night   
      
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E6%98%9F%E5%BA%A7%E6%97%A5%E8%A8%98.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Constellation Diary" 💿 Lyrics and music: でこ (Ma Yuuka Shinoda) | Arranger: Omo     
      
I met Dekochan by chance at the "2024 Nishiura Showa Poetry Gathering" in Fujiyoshida. The concert had the theme "Songs of the Showa Era" and everyone was singing songs from the Showa era. Dekochan sang "Ichigo Hakusho wo Mouichido" and it was the first time I'd ever heard that song! I even bought her the first album she released when she was 23 and a bracelet (made by Dekochan). Dekochan told me the name of the song and I became her Line friend. Later, when I went to D45, I was already able to sing the song, it's all thanks to Dekochan~   
   
At that time, Mai was the only one on Instagram. I also added Mai on Line. At that time, the thing that made me happiest every day was writing songs and playing them for Mai. There isn't much to do in the countryside, but it's a great place to create. Unfortunately, there aren't many stores selling guitars in Mt. Fuji. I went all the way to Hachioji in Tokyo to buy my Ryoji Matsuoka classical guitar.   
   
There is a classic poem in China, and in it, there is a line that goes, "In the old days, people lived slowly, cars and horses were slow, and loving just one person was enough in life." I really love that line. The moment I met Mai in front of Don Quixote, I was really moved.   
   
Indeed, in this age of information and entertainment overload, who else could maintain such a genuine friendship like Mai and I? We each have our own jobs and live in two different countries, but Mai and I would never give up on the chance to be together. Even if that chance is as thin as a hair, we can grab it tightly. That's a really precious thing. Don't just imagine it, you have to actually get it in the world.   
   
Just imagine how easy it would be to give up this chance. For example, if I never came to Japan, or if I never went to Osaka, or if we just treated each other as online friends without meeting each other. It's easy to be a frivolous person, but those who give their all and value their feelings can be said to be alive. Mai-chan is my pride and joy for the rest of my life.   
   
Mai asked me for a picture of me as a child, and then I changed her Instagram icon. Mai is completely mine too...so romantic. So I'll never leave her and I have to do my best for Mai. That's what I decided in my heart at that moment. I believe, maybe Mai decided at the same time too.   
   
Good luck for you   
Lyrics and music: Da Mao    
   
Always do your best for you   
In this dark town   
For you   
In the midst of a wave of people   
Finding the only freedom   
   
Always do your best for you   
In this bustling world   
For you   
In the darkness of the sky   
Romantic   
find out   
   
Not scary   
I'll wait here   
Let's wait until that day   
Return to your side   
   
I love you   
No other person   
I want to know   
Anytime, anytime   
Good luck for you   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E9%A0%91%E5%BC%B5%E3%81%A3%E3%81%A6for%20you.m4a" >}} 
>###### “Do your best for you” 💿 Lyrics: Oge   
   
This has nothing to do with marriage or love. In my opinion, Mai and I are perfectly synchronized in time. It's like two black holes have become one... I've had experiences like this. What is marriage? What is the meaning of love? I don't need to acknowledge any social relationship between her and me. Mai and I transcend all social relationships, all nationalities, and all love.    
   
Give the other person absolute freedom and have 100% trust. What does this have to do with whether or not you'll meet?   
   
Mai and I can be just normal friends, or we can be lifelong friends. Mai Kitamura is the only one in this world who has the courage to be friends with me. Maybe I'm just too extreme when I say that. 
   
But just think about it, if I wasn't so extreme, I wouldn't have thought about making it in Japan after my divorce, right? So I might not have come to Osaka, and maybe even if I had made it in Japan, I might have gone to Tokyo. Maybe this is the "fate" that Rui-chan talks about in her song "Heaven's Magnet". It's because I'm such an extreme gambler that I was able to experience this. The series of coincidences up until now are just like that.   
   
When I was at Mt. Fuji, the most fun thing I did was write songs, chat with Mai on Line, and look at Mt. Fuji every day, but there was one other thing I did. That was cooking for myself, haha. I cooked for myself every day at lunchtime, and the skill I specialized in was "paella."   
   
The so-called "paella" is a technique of cooking ingredients and raw rice together in a pot. It's also popular in Spain and the Middle East. Spanish paella is a traditional dish made by cooking rice, seafood, chicken, rabbit, and various vegetables together. It's colored with saffron, giving it a unique aroma. I once took Momoko to a Spanish restaurant in China and she really liked it.   
   
Of course, before I practiced making paella, I bought a nice frying pan at Don Quijote. Because paella is made by cooking raw rice all at once, the first step is to soak the rice for more than 2 hours. This step is very important because it determines whether the rice can be cooked properly with the other ingredients in the pan.   
   
I like to put Japanese miso and cheese in my paella, and my favorite is to put curry and Japanese fish sausage in it. I call this "curry paella". I've made it many times myself, and I think my paella skills are good enough. I've had my colleagues try it many times, and they all love it lol.   
   
If I opened a restaurant that specialized in paella, I think I would definitely make a profit haha. Because I really love this cooking method, I'm obsessed with it. Mai also praised me as a chef, and she also talked about a Chinese dish called "Di San Xian". This dish originated in the northernmost part of China, close to Russia.   
   
Then, I told Mai-chan that the Japanese army once invaded Northeast China. That's where the phrase "Disansen" originated. I didn't know how to say "invasion" in Japanese, so I made a gun gesture. I also told her that many Chinese people hate the Japanese. I looked at her and knew that she already understood what I was saying.   
   
I really don't want to tell Mai this, but when Japan invaded Northeast China, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions, of Chinese died. But the story goes that the People's Republic of China caused a nationwide famine from 1959 to 1961 due to a fatal policy failure, and tens of millions of Chinese died. A sadness that I can't put into words wells up in my heart, and I want to cry. At that moment, Mai comforted me and said, "I love China."   
   
At this time, a voice in my mind said again, "Does that mean I don't love China? Not at all." However, if the Chinese government finds out that I'm saying this, I might be arrested as soon as I return to China. "Right? Well, go ahead and catch me if you can, I want more excitement," another me told me. I didn't want Mai to find any traces of my inner thoughts, so at the moment my mind was about to split, my eyes fell on the word wallet and I said "PELLE BORSA." Of course, this was a completely meaningless conversation, and Mai might be confused by suddenly saying English words, but at least I was able to hide the great sadness inside me.   
   
If I had met Mai from the first day she came to Osaka, I probably wouldn't have done D45's live performances. To me, Mai symbolizes everything about Japan. Without Mai, Japan would have no meaning to me. At the time, she was sitting right in front of me, looking at her high heels, but I didn't say anything directly. Well, I'm a cold-hearted guy, haha. I met Rui-chan the second time I went to D45. But at that time, I didn't think at all about what to post on Instagram. I really only registered to talk to Mai, haha. I just wanted to be with Mai, that's all. I didn't want other people to know at all. I think I'm a very traditional person, too, haha.   
   
For me, it's like I've "come back" to Osaka after decades of being away on business. And for me and Mai, I believe it's like we've met again after three thousand years apart. I wonder if she feels the same way. Do we have an emotional foundation? No. We don't know each other that well. But I want to say that even if you've been friends for decades, you may only know so much about the person. But my relationship with Mai... it feels infinite. It's like a black hole.   
   
I hate to say this to Mai, but my most precious dog is already eight years old. I might have to say goodbye to him in another twelve years. And why do I think I can live another twelve years? If everyone thought like this, the world would be much more peaceful. Everyone should accept their own death at this very moment and not put their own feelings first. For example, how would you feel if a father was thinking only of himself and eating a luxurious meal while his child was starving to death in front of you? Of course, even if you only think about yourself, you can't make music. The reason is that creation is not something to enjoy. In reality, it is a process of constantly criticizing yourself. If you only think about your own thoughts and don't criticize yourself, your work will have a "color of consciousness" or "noise". If you only think about the audience's opinions, you will get the same result. Because the essence of creation lies in this continuous negation. People who only focus on their own emotions or tend to "affirm" their own emotions tend to lack creativity.   
   
Will wars be stopped if we increase productivity? I don't think so. Will the world become peaceful if we write anti-war songs? I don't think so either. In my opinion, we cannot completely eliminate the roots of war unless humans can let go of all their desires whenever and wherever they want. The only way to do that is to use music as a production tool. The reason is that the essence of music is emptiness. This means that desires only appear at the moment they are needed. It's like when the sun is burning, it is actually always trying to burn out, but at the same time it naturally controls itself. It's a fairy tale to think that "the sun controls itself in some way," so so-called "controlled nuclear fusion" is also a fairy tale. Of course, this is my personal opinion, so if you want to invest in and build a "tokamak," that's up to you, but it has nothing to do with me. What I think of as extreme self-control is the natural realization of self-control through the internal structure of "desire" itself. Well, this is going to get a bit technical, so I'll leave it at that for now.   
   
Yesterday, I finished arranging Tadayan's "Himawari". Before I started thinking about arranging this song, Mai and I watched the video of "Tadayan x Rui Two-Man Live". I especially want to thank Katayama Fuu-chan for filming and releasing the video ^-^. If Katayama Fuu-chan hadn't filmed and released this live performance, I don't think I would have been able to complete the arrangement of this song. That's because most of Tadayan's work can't be found on the internet. That's another reason why I like Tadayan's songs. These songs express Tadayan's own inner monologue and have nothing to do with the masses, so they have an absolute individuality.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%81%B2%E3%81%BE%E3%82%8F%E3%82%8A.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Sunflower" 💿 Lyrics and music: Tadayan | Arrangement: Oge   
   
Mai's opinion was "I'm going to fall asleep listening to this 😪" lol. So I thought of adding some rock elements to this song. Let's talk about the arrangement of the song "Himawari" lol (By the way, I wrote "Himawari" by mistake on Facebook lol). When I arranged this song, I didn't understand the meaning of the lyrics. So the "emotions" I felt were mostly from Tadayan's live performance. But I could hear some English phrases. "Be alright my life. Midnight riverside blues" and "It was Toya's catchphrase that he lived until he was 40 years old" lol.   
   
In Tadayan's live version, the guitar part of this song uses the stroke method overall, and a blues harp comes in during the interlude, which feels really good! Tadayan uses light strokes in the main vocal part and powerful strokes in the chorus, which I think is a rock-like way of expression. Me | As a software solutions architect lol, the way I achieved this was to use drums throughout the song lol. I added drums from the beginning, and then added other percussion instruments in the chorus. In the interlude, the MIDI harmonica sounded lame (of course, it's worlds apart from Tadayan's performance), so I decided to add a solo with bass harmonics - I played that myself on the keyboard lol.   
    
I use the billboard technique for all my arrangements. Billboard management means that I list all my tasks in an electronic table called a "task billboard" and execute them in order. But I soon realized that when new ideas come to my mind one after another, the speed at which I "write the task list" cannot keep up with the speed at which my brain can generate ideas. So this billboard method of working (some people call it agile development) has limitations. It's just like the limit of Newtonian mechanics when it approaches the speed of light, or the limit of the theory of relativity when it exceeds the speed of light. Think about it, when you're doing creative work, sometimes you have to add new tasks, sometimes you have to change or discard old ones. For this, I need a dynamic "task billboard", not the current static billboard. So for a particular song, the billboard lists only one task: "arrange this song". As for the internal details of the work, as I said above, they exceed the "limits of the management capabilities" of the "Signboard" tool, so I think I'll leave them unmanaged for the time being.   
   
When I'm not controlling, ideas come out like this prose, and I don't know if the word "prose" means "saying what I think," but I think there is a difference between prose and novels. But music creation is based on this fact. That is, after writing a paragraph, the sentences before and after it are immediately restricted. If you think about it, isn't that right? For example, when you're thinking about arranging string instruments, if you have to hit a high note on a certain note but you can't, the audience will be disappointed. But even if you hit a high note properly, if it doesn't fall in a rational or comfortable way after that (LOL like a parachute), the audience will be disappointed as well. You can't just jump off the roof of a building.   
   
This "going up and down" is very similar to the flight of a large passenger plane, and also to the "change of key" in songwriting. For example, when I was writing the song "Sayonara" (from the "Watashi mo" album), I wrote the melody in the key of C, but I thought that the chorus would be more emotionally exciting if I wrote it in the key of A. So I used an E7 chord as I approached the chorus, which is the dominant seventh chord in the key of A (equivalent to a G7 chord in the key of C). This is like the melody smoothly crossing a bridge. Then, at the right moment, it "comes down" from the key of A to the key of C (i.e. it hits the ground). If it stayed in the key of C the whole time, I wouldn't be able to express strong emotions in the chorus, and if I stayed in the key of A the whole time after that, it would just be a boring story lol. Is it like this when you write sentences too?   
   
The rationality of the arrangement is not only about the tonality and harmonic arrangement, but also about the coordination of various instruments. But one of the reasons why LIVE is more fun than studio works is because you have to be aware of the reaction of the audience in the venue. For example, if there is a Malaysian audience below, they might say "Thank you" in Malaysian (Terima kasih lol), and if there is a song that everyone especially wants to hear, they will want to sing that song. My song "Panda" is always requested by some guests at D45, but sometimes I don't really want to sing it lol. But when I say "Panda", it reminds me of my old days at Mt. Fuji.   
   
Panda   
Lyrics and music: Da Mao   
   
I want you to go to Takimoto   
Then drink some whiskey   
Have fun today too   
   
One day I'll be here   
I'll be gone soon   
At that time   
Me   
I can't find it   
   
Hold me tight   
I won't let you go   
Over 200,000 years   
   
Panda Bamboo   
Eating   
You and Me   
Until only   
D45   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%83%91%E3%83%B3%E3%83%80.m4a" >}} 
>###### 「パンダ」💿　 Lyrics and music: Da Mao   
   
Yesterday I went to the "Accordion Lovers Club" at D45. I saw a lot of accordion instruments (some quite expensive) and met some accordion artists. Masahiro Kubota brought along a "box of classical accordion music from around the world," including some great American, German and Irish pieces. Mai and I sat under the stage and had a blast. It was a real viewing feast. To my surprise, JACK also had a red Roland accordion, which apparently costs over 200,000 yen.   
   
Afterwards, during the open mic, I performed "Saikyouteki Koun" and "Maimo". These two songs were accompanied by Nakamura Mei's harmonium, which was really cool. I think Mai will like this version. Of course, I was a little nervous because it was my first time performing in front of Mai. I'm grateful to Nakamura Mei for organizing this event. Nakamura Mei's official website is: https://nakamura-may.jimdosite.com/. Of course, I have to thank JACK too.   
   
I drank two glasses of the drink Tadayan recommended to me, and he said it was "BEST TASTE", so I started calling this drink "Tadayan" too haha. Mai drank two highballs at D45. After I drink, I always feel like playing a percussion instrument haha, so when Nakamura Mei-san played the Organ, I brought along my "Ginga Bongo" and joined in. Luckily, there were no serious mistakes haha. But as long as Mai is having fun, that's fine, I don't mind if she makes a serious mistake haha.   
   
But, you may not know this, but I really hadn't decided what to play until 10 minutes before going on stage. The song "Tomorokoushi" was also a candidate, but I finally chose "Saiuteki Koun". However, I had never imagined this before going to D45. The reason for this is that Masahiro Kubota introduced me to a piece of accordion that can be played with only three chords during the "tea party". Then I remembered Yumi-chan and Akemi-chan's "Minami-kei Sisters Third Coming-of-Age Ceremony Live" on July 7, 2024, when Mr. K suddenly called me on stage and asked me to sing a song, and within 10 seconds I decided to sing "Saiuteki Koun". It was such an important moment, and D45 was full of people (there were even people sitting in the aisles of the stairs). I was grateful that Mr. K suddenly invited me to perform on stage, but I also felt that I absolutely could not tolerate any mistakes, so I chose "Daishin Koun" (Great Luck). This song is made up of only three chords, "C, F, G", so it is easy to play and there is less chance of making mistakes. So when Mai came to see my performance for the first time, I chose this song for the second time as well.   
   
The greatest luck   
Lyrics and music: Da Mao   
   
Our encounter   
It was a miracle   
When you're alone   
I secretly think of you   
   
It's snowing   
Embracing the rainbow   
On the journey of love   
I'll take you to the sea   
    
From now on   
Every day becomes simpler   
Growing old with you   
Always protecting me   
    
i'm not afraid   
I won't forget what you said   
The only thing in my life   
Have the greatest luck   
    
The greatest fortune is you   
a!   
stomach!   
death!   
Is   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E6%9C%80%E5%A4%A7%E3%81%AE%E5%B9%B8%E9%81%8B.m4a" >}} 
>###### "The Greatest Good Fortune"💿 Lyrics and Music: Oge   
   
Perhaps the most enviable life on earth is Akemi-chan and Takashi-san's. Between them there is a rural feel to their life, and they are truly full of love. I hope that thanks to this kind of love the world will remain in peace forever. I also want Mai and I to someday reach a state of mind like theirs. Love should be ordinary and genuine. Love shouldn't be full of flashiness and lies. But right now I'm still far from that state of mind haha, but I'll do my best.    
   
But I don't want to arrange the song "The Greatest Good Fortune". I want to keep it as it is, really original. I want to sing it with just three basic chords on guitar. I don't care how many people know this song. I just love singing it like I'm roaring on stage with D45. I love the satisfaction I feel after singing it. But if you've never experienced it, you might not understand, but when I sing this song like this, I'm actually at a great peace in my heart! It's like taking part in a world-class boxing match, and the people who feel the most stimulation are the audience, never myself. If someone feels "stimulation" or other emotions when they need to concentrate, it's a very dangerous situation. It's like when Guan Yu went to kill Hua Xiong with the Blue Dragon Crescent Blade, if he thought it was too exciting, he might not have been able to complete the mission. The reason Guan Yu was able to "slash Hua Xiong with warm wine" was because he was a martial saint and transcended life and death. If you transcend life and death, you naturally transcend all the pleasures of the senses.   
   
Of course, I'm not Guan Yu, I'm just an ordinary engineer. But as a kid, I especially liked "Romance of the Three Kingdoms". But when I went to D45, I was really surprised when Jack and Baba Toshinari talked about the four great Chinese classics ("Journey to the West", "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", "Dream of the Red Chamber", and "Water Margin"). I didn't think those two knew so much about traditional Chinese culture. I gave Jack and Baba Toshinari a copy of my book "Empty Mountain and Stone Sea" each, but of course I designed this book myself in InDesign and printed it at a printing company in Shin-Osaka, so it's a really niche book. Just like Tadayan's songs. Tadayan and I are the same type of people, no matter how many people listen to our songs, we just play them when we have the chance, and it has nothing to do with everything else in the world. I think this is a kind of man's determination. Tadayan's lyrics say, "It was a catchphrase of Itoya who wanted to live until 40 years old," but my motto is, "If you want to rest, there is plenty of time in the grave." In fact, I think this expresses a similar spirit. In other words, don't fear death, work hard, and complete your work. This has the same meaning as what Rui-chan said in her song "Sora": "And that's all I'm alive." Shall I read you my favorite poem? But when I recited Rui-chan's poem to Mai in my poor Japanese, Mai didn't say anything lol.     
   
null   
Lyrics and music: Rui     
     
Endless blue sky   
Under this same sky   
You laugh   
Tears and worries   
And alive   
   
Are you eating properly?   
The vegetables are also well-prepared.   
Sometimes I cook for myself too   
I can sleep at night   
On a sunny day   
Hanging out the futon   
   
To you who is far away   
Although there is no end to worries   
It'll be fine.   
You can do it   
No matter what   
I can overcome it   
   
Because I am   
I raised   
People are human.   
Look up   
Be confident   
The way to believe   
Just walk there   
   
Endless blue sky   
Under this same sky   
You laugh   
Tears and worries   
And alive   
That's it, that's it   
My mother is happy   
   
Do you have friends?   
When in trouble   
We can help each other   
I can believe it   
Friends   
When I'm lonely, you'll be there for me   
Are there people?   
   
To you who is far away    
There are so many questions I want to ask   
However   
It'll be fine, it'll be fine even if you don't listen   
Surrounded by   
I see you laughing   
   
Because I am   
I raised   
People are human.   
Even if I stumble   
Even if it hurts   
As many times as you like   
Just stand up and go   
   
The endless sky   
Under this same sky   
You laugh   
Crying and wondering   
And alive   
That's it, that's it   
Thank you so much   
   
That's it, that's it   
Thank you for everything   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E7%A9%BA.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Sora" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Album: "Sora"  
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E7%A9%BA(%E3%82%8B%E3%81%84%E3%82%82).m4a" >}} 
>###### "Sky" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge  
   
This book is not so much "I wrote it," but more like the book is writing itself. In that case, it is completely detached from my "personal consciousness." Then, an uninterrupted artistic energy is born. So art is definitely not only for humans. My cat also likes to sing (probably imitating me lol), and animals have their own animal art. So, what is art? Who can define it? There is no definition of art. If I had to define it, my definition would be "something that is free from time" - if you can't escape from time, your energy is very limited.   
   
At Mr. Wang's arranging studio, there is a motto: "Be bold, do it, and get it!" This advocates that everyone should proactively get what they should get. This is a strong will to take action, that is, "courage" and "diligence" in Buddhism (it is also said in Shakyamuni Buddha's "The Awakening of Faith in Mahayana," "Avatamsaka Sutra," "Lotus Sutra," and "Agama Sutra"). Courage and diligence mean an attitude of moving forward without fearing difficulties, and firm determination is necessary on the path of training. There is calligraphy with the word "diligence" written on it at Raikoji Temple in Kobe.   
   
We should remember that we should not worry about how much we have gained at the same time as we gain something. If we worry about momentary gains and losses, we will soon leave this artistic state. Leaving it means leaving the training. Of course, everyone has their own choice, and attachment is one choice, but if we become obsessed with something else and move away from our ideals, will we be happy?   
   
Mai will never let me fall, because she is my sun. If I go astray, she always corrects me at the right time. So when I'm with her, I feel like my desires are a hundred million times stronger... I'm tied up, so I don't tie myself down anymore. I've said before that Tokamak is like a low end. But rather than managing desires with desires, it's clearly a more efficient system to manage men's desires with women's desires. When you fall in love, instead of prioritizing your own feelings, you switch to "If she's happy, that's fine." Because of this leap in quality, women are truly great compared to men.   
   
I'm very reckless and always exceed my limits. Mai-chan is much better than me. I respect her a lot because she knows her limits and values ​​taking regular breaks. And when it comes to self-discipline, she's a good role model for me. Of course, more than that, Mai has been a big help in my Japanese studies. Thanks to her frequent Japanese tutoring, my Japanese ability has improved a lot. Now, I'm slowly beginning to understand some of the content in the Japanese news haha.   
   
But when I was watching the news this morning, I found out that Pico had passed away, aged 79. While remembering Pico, I also watched an interesting TV programme from when he was in his 30s. He had previously worked in Osaka. On the programme, everyone reminisced about their memories with Pico, and Nankou revealed a surprising secret when asked "Why did Pico come to Osaka for work?" "I asked him that". She answered candidly, "Because someone Pico liked was in Osaka". I couldn't help but feel that Pico and I really had a connection.   
   
But on October 6, 2024, at a live show called "Rui Sings Only Live" (lol), Tadayan sang one of his own songs, which has nothing to do with me but lol, I really think this behavior is great. Tadayan was the only person there (which is definitely not okay but lol). But, this represents a rebellious spirit that won't bow to "authority". (Of course, Rui-chan is no dictator lol)   
   
It's like, in a world where materialism is so popular, you're trying to put into practice the ideas of Buddha from 2,500 years ago. And you're using those ideas to guide production. It's not just a question of whether you're brave or not, it's an absolutely huge project. It's very difficult to put it into practice by yourself, but it's even more difficult to get everyone to do it.   
   
I really love my friends on Facebook. I call this my "music circle of life". The reason is that more than 90% of my friends are musicians or just people who love music lol. Everyone has music and live shows as a part of their lives, and they love going to see live shows.   
   
This is a story from a while ago, but Rui-chan took me to Ejiri, Kyoto, for a live show called "Amanohashidate Dobochon" by car (July 13, 2024). Transportation from Osaka to Ejiri Amanohashidate was extremely inconvenient, so we decided to go in Rui-chan's car. Rui-chan was waiting for me at Fukuchiyama Station, so we decided to take the JR train to Fukuchiyama Station first. It was my first time taking the JR train, so we left early, but I was a little nervous. Luckily, I was able to arrive at Fukuchiyama Station safely haha. There, I found Rui-chan's cute baby.   
   
While I was sitting in Rui's passenger seat, we talked about various things. I listened to some of her albums, including the album of the same name "Rui" on her car speakers, and the piano accompaniment in the album was very gentle and modest, and it really left an impression on me. I highly recommend it! However, Rui's driving style is a bit bold lol. She knew that I was not good at Japanese at all, so she spoke to me in English.   
   
I had a lot of fun talking with Rui-chan. I didn't really care about the live show at night, haha. When the car entered the countryside of Kyoto, I said "countryside" and Rui-chan asked me "What's the difference of countryside between Japan and China". I thought for a few seconds and answered "In Japan, countryside is full of nature" haha.   
    
Rui-chan took me to the sea, and at the same time she introduced me to Amanohashidate. It was like a dragon, and we felt like we were at the very tail of the dragon. After seeing the very gentle sea, we went to a live house called "Sakamotoya". We parked the car directly in front of the entrance lol. "Sakamotoya" is not only a live house, but also a traditional Japanese inn. The owner prepared a room for us on the second floor, which was spacious and 6,000 yen was not expensive at all. I was really surprised to see that there was a public bath on the first floor of the inn. So, while Rui-chan was rehearsing before the performance, I went to the public bath for a bit. It was a stone bath, and the water was super hot, and it felt really good lol. After about ten minutes in the bath, I felt like all the fatigue in my body had completely disappeared.    
    
Because there were many guests on that day's performance, everyone could only sing three songs. Rui-chan sang "Kyoko-san no Choban," "Samo Ara Ba Are," and "Sora." Then Tsutomu-san played a guitar solo for Rui-chan, and the two of them became like a "double guitar" band, which was really cool. I thought Rui-chan's song was a great fit for "double guitar." Akihito-san and Takada Hideki-san accompanied Rui-chan on African drums (they both played one African drum at the same time, lol). This performance really left a lasting impression on me.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E4%BA%AC%E5%AD%90%E3%81%95%E3%82%93%E3%81%AE%E3%81%BE%E3%81%AA%E6%9D%BF.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Kyoko's Chopping Board" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
   
Of course, if I had the chance, I would definitely go on stage, but that night I didn't have a chance at all lol. It was the first time I saw musicians from Osaka, Kyoto, and Kobe gather at Ejiri Amanohashidate in Kyoto. Rui-chan treated me to seafood pizza, I was really moved. But Sakamotoya's Asahi draft beer is really good, especially the hops are the best. After drinking just one glass, I felt like all the beers I had until then were a waste, and I didn't want a second glass, because I'll never forget that taste. The moment I took a sip, my sense of taste was so high that it was like a beautiful chord was ringing in my brain. At that moment, my sense of taste had already disappeared somewhere. All that remained in my brain was a feeling of happiness, and I don't remember anything else. I don't remember how I drank it all at all.   
   
Let's take a break from the Amanohashidate story for now. But after singing "Saikyuuteki Koun" on stage with D45 on Sunday, I started thinking about what to sing next. In my head, I was thinking of a song called "Ganbatte for you," but what actually came out of my mouth was "Today is a special day, and Mai is here, too," lol. After saying, "Today is a special day, and Mai is here," I continued, "So, next is Maimo," lol. So I sang this song that I wrote at Mt. Fuji. Of course, it's a song I wrote for Mai~   
   
Potato   
Lyrics and music: Da Mao   
   
Take care, Maimo.   
The sky is getting dark   
Mount Fuji is hiding behind   
I feel like it's going to rain   
   
Maimo, be brave!   
This world is not worth changing   
Keep loving me   
It's ok, let's destroy it   
   
Be by my side every day   
Not going anywhere   
And if it snows, I'll go to Hokkaido.   
   
We don't need to say anything   
Being together is everything, so I don't care about anything anymore   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%81%BE%E3%81%84%E3%82%82.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Maimo" 💿 Lyrics and music: Oge | Guitar: Kei 
   
When I wrote this song on Mt. Fuji, I came up with it in a dream. One morning, I woke up and the melody of the song was in my head, so I immediately opened the recording app that came with my iPhone, picked up 50-year-old Ryoji Matsuoka's classical guitar, and recorded the melody of the song. This is similar to the process I used when I wrote "Deshita" (from the "Watashi mo" album). When I wrote "Deshita," I was in China, living with my grandmother. I dreamed about the chorus melody first, and after I finished writing it, I woke up and wrote the melody. But the two songs have something in common: I wrote the melody first and then wrote the lyrics. But there's one difference: in the song "Maimo," the verse melody was written first, and then the chorus melody was written, but in the case of "Deshita," it was the other way around.   
     
Of course, the two songs have another thing in common: they were both written in C major. Maybe it was because there was no capo at the dorm at the foot of Mt. Fuji or at my grandmother's house lol. But the truth is, I was just lazy. My dad loves singing, and he sings in bel canto, and he learned a technique called "closed voicing," so he can sing higher than C5. So range is not an issue at all when composing lol. I can compose in C major easily lol. When my dad sings, he likes to use chest resonance to add high frequency vibrato. He's also really good at whistling, and he puts vibrato in when he whistles. I think my dad has a great singing voice. Maybe that's why he wooed my mom lol. Also, my dad played acoustic guitar when he was young, but I still like the sound of classical guitar the best haha.   
    
After singing "Maimo" at D45, thunderous applause rang out from the audience lol. Then I realized that I had somehow accomplished the difficult mission of "singing in front of Mai-chan for the first time". On that lovely afternoon, I was sitting between Kubota-san and Mai-chan, with Mai-chan on my left and Kubota-san on my right lol. After that, I performed a song with Nakamura Mei. Kubota-san asked me a question, apparently asking when I started playing percussion, which of course is just my own personal guess (I didn't actually understand the question lol). But since Mai-chan was next to me, I pretended to understand and answered "10 to 20 years". It seemed like Kubota-san understood what I was saying, and I was really happy~   
   
But I used to be in charge of drums at a government-sponsored choir competition. The choir's drum arrangements were simple, just hitting the basic rhythm, with moderate rolls, but no flashy transitions. But there was one important thing: the rhythm had to be absolutely stable. I led a choir of several dozen people to several important competitions. At the time, I thought the drums were the soul of the band, lol. The band would have been completely different if I had been on the drums or not. Of course, that was a young thought, arrogant and conceited. But if Mai-chan likes it, then that's fine, right?   
   
At that time, I was using a high-end Roland electronic drum set. But I think the sound of electronic drums can't beat the Konka. In particular, the Thai-made red Konka D45 is one of my favorite instruments. But when I saw the bongos called "Ginga" at a store in Umeda, I bought them without much hesitation, haha. Bongos and Konkas are my favorite instruments, and I like this kind of natural sound. You can really feel the texture of wood and metal.   
   
After leaving D45, while we were walking, Mai said "It's a bit cold". I wanted to say that autumn has come, but I didn't know how to say "autumn" in Japanese, so I didn't say a word for 10 seconds. I think this made the conversation colder than the weather outside, lol. While we were walking in Umeda, Mai said "I have six best friends in total" and asked me "Do you like them?" I answered "Yes". I know very little Japanese, so I thought hard, squeezed out toothpaste, and finally said "It's a small world". Then Mai said "Yes", lol. 
   
It's like when someone who always drives fast feels less stimulated when they drive slowly. So when I was arranging Rui-chan's "Hotaru", I added noise elements to that part specifically. The chord arrangement for the chorus is "Gsus4 - A7 - B7 - E9 - E7 - Fm - D7 - Bdim7 - Am - E7 - Ebdim7 - D7". I thought it needed a "manic" atmosphere. So I searched for electronic sounds that contained noise. I think it's rational for me to do it this way, but I wonder. This inspiration was born by pure chance.   
    
So, in Rui-chan's song "Heavenly Magnet," I turned up the volume of the percussion really high. It was higher than the main melody and the other instruments. Looking back, I think this was an innovation in arranging, but I wasn't thinking about it at all when I was arranging. When I was mixing and mastering, I couldn't keep my consciousness, so I lost all my judgment. In the end, I didn't know why the volume of this sound source was so loud, or the reason for my manipulation. I really don't know. Maybe this is just what my ears like. That's all. It has nothing to do with the brain. I completely lose consciousness, and this is the way I like to work. Whether it's programming or arranging.   
     
But the bass parts of "Heavenly Magnet" and "Shiawase no Natsu" are completely imitated from Suga (Suga Shingo)'s live version arrangement. I tried to arrange the bass of this song myself, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't surpass Suga's classic version. Suga's bass melody is stable yet lively, and the lines are very beautiful. I actually entered Suga's notes into Logic Pro on the keyboard, and when you look at this curve, you can tell it will definitely sound good even without listening! The balance of high, mid, and low tones is excellent, so I think Suga's bass arrangement is world class.   
    
Of course, I also took inspiration from Hiroboshi's arrangement for the guitar part of the song "Heavenly Magnet." Hiroboshi and Suga are members of the "Rui+" band. I think "Rui+" is Rui's exclusive band, I don't know, haha. But I want to be a permanent member of the "Rui+" band too. I'd be super happy if I could be Rui's percussion and arrangement for a long time haha. The "Rui+" band will be holding a live concert for Rui's 10th anniversary at Umeda ALWAYS on November 9, 2024. Mai and I really want to go see this concert.   
   
Celestial Magnet   
Lyrics and music: Rui   
Arranger: Da Mao   
   
nice to meet you   
"   
We met again   
and smile   
Talk a little at a time   
slowly   
Getting to know each other   
At some point   
Before you know it   
friend   
   
I want to see you again   
People who think   
If possible   
People who want to leave this behind   
various   
Encounter   
repetition   
Alive   
Tens of thousands of people on Earth   
Among the billion people   
   
No matter how many times I visit   
People I can't meet   
Wherever you go   
Someone who is easygoing   
The bond between people   
Strange.   
   
I can't see   
Large   
The heavenly magnet   
Approaching or retreating at whim   
I think they are.   
There is something I think   
   
Then I   
Let's pray   
Heavenly   
On a magnet   
Please, to that person   
From now   
Even a little   
May we get closer   
May we find fate together.   
   
With everyone   
Want to be friends?   
To anyone   
I don't want to be disliked   
Such a wish   
There is no such thing   
Because in heaven   
I can't see   
Magnet   
Because there is   
   
Even though I love it   
Being disliked   
Not really.   
Being liked   
various   
Laughs and Tears   
repetition   
Live   
Life   
Within a few decades   
   
The fight is over   
That's the only person   
Meeting someone again after going around in circles   
The bond between people   
Strange.   
   
I can't see   
Large   
The heavenly magnet   
Attaching them on a whim   
Let go   
I think they are.   
There is something I think   
   
Then I   
Let's pray   
Heavenly   
On a magnet   
Somehow I   
Myself   
Without any hesitation   
May you be able to   
A connection   
I hope we can continue to do so.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E5%A4%A9%E3%81%AE%E7%A3%81%E7%9F%B3.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Heavenly Magnet" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
   
After referring to Hirohoshi-san and Suga-san's "core chords" lol, I used the "random hit" style for the drum trajectory in my arrangement of Rui-chan's song "Gentle Shower". It's like splashing paint on an oil painting canvas. Generally, there are certain rules for drum arrangements. However, in this song, I wanted to create a "raindrop" effect by using three or four high toms and low toms. Whether it rains or not is entirely up to the heavens, so you can get a variety of sounds, big and small. I randomly hit every note on these toms, and randomized the volume using the advanced features of Logic Pro 11. I hope someone likes this arrangement lol.   
   
In "Gentle Shower," I used a really heavy bass tone. The drums in this song are quite dense, so if the bass tone is light, it will sound like "heavy head, light legs." If the drums fall from the sky as raindrops, the bass supports the ground, so the sky and the earth need to be equally heavy. So, when I was mastering, I intentionally lowered the dynamics a little and increased the compression ratio. Then, I finished it with a really thick overall feeling. As for the string arrangement, Rui-chan's melody is so beautiful that I chose a "strolling" style arrangement. I used five violas, and the melody doesn't have many ups and downs, but it feels really heavy. It feels like I'm strolling slowly through the rain. If you listen to it, you'll probably feel like you've been hit by a huge rainstorm, haha.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E5%84%AA%E3%81%97%E3%81%84%E9%80%9A%E3%82%8A%E9%9B%A8.m4a" >}} 
>###### "Gentle Shower" 💿 Lyrics and music: Rui | Arrangement: Oge   
   
I won't say too much about the other songs on this album. You'll understand if you listen to them. They are all my favorite songs, and I arranged them with all my might. Rui-chan's ability to create melodies is far stronger than mine, that's for sure lol. However, after I finished arranging the album "Ruimo", I think my ability to arrange percussion instruments has improved considerably. The birth of the pure music album "Ruimo" was thanks to the silent support of this girl, and I'm really grateful. And if Mai had met me at an earlier stage, this album might not have been born, lol. The reason is that I really love taking walks with Mai, from Nishi Umeda to Higashi Umeda lol.   
   
However, at that time I never thought that I would be arranging in Japan, and I even less imagined that I would meet Rui-chan and Nao-chan Inoue (Nao-san).   
   
Nao Inoue runs a Music & Hot Space called "With" near the "Hattori Tenjin" station on the Hankyu Takarazuka Line. Compared to D45, With is obviously closer to my company, lol. When I went there for the first time, I met Rui-chan, Akemi-chan, and Takashi-san. The curry rice made by Nao Inoue was really delicious! They even gave me free refills of rice, thank you lol. After I met her sister, I thought I must have met her somewhere before. Maybe it was several generations ago, lol. She's really amazingly beautiful, and she feels like my sister. That day, I had a glass of whiskey and sang my song "Tomorokoushi". We all sang a few songs together. "To the Future" and "Listening to Olivia". It was the first time I'd heard the song "Listening to Olivia". I only recorded a part of it at the time, but these two sounds were cut out from the video. I think it was a happy moment to have my own private collection. I listened to these two songs on my commute later, and I must have listened to them hundreds of times lol. Nao-chan, Rui-chan, and Akemi-chan singing low, mid, and high notes at the same time is really wonderful, it's really amazing.   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E3%81%B8(%E5%A5%88%E7%B7%92).m4a" >}} 
>###### "To the Future" 💿 Lyrics and music: Chiharu Tamaki | Vocals: Nao Inoue, Rui, Akemi Nakahara   
   
>{{< audio src="https://github.com/live-club/mao/raw/main/music/%E3%82%AA%E3%83%AA%E3%83%93%E3%82%A2%E3%82%92%E8%81%B4%E3%81%8D%E3%81%AA%E3%81%8C%E3%82%89(%E5%A5%88%E7%B7%92).m4a" >}} 
>###### "Listening to Olivia" 💿 Lyrics and music: Ozaki Ami | Vocals: Inoue Nao, Rui, Nakahara Akemi 
  