+++
date = 2020-06-01T13:54:53Z
title = "teeth"
languageCode = "en"

+++ 
once upon a time   
There was a boy   
I was born with wings   
Its wings are weak   
It was different from what humans had.   
   
But he saw a bird flying in the sky   
I wished I could fly in the sky   
I wanted to see the world for once.   
    
The wings are still weak   
I couldn't make the boy fly.   
but   
He has an indomitable spirit   
I didn't give up on my dream   
   
So he came up with a plan.    
Travel to the capitals of distant countries    
I bought a sandbag    
    
The sandbag    
It was used in the great temples of the Western Regions.    
It was said to have the power to seal away the Demon King.   
The sandbag gets bigger as you use it.   
It's getting heavier   
   
he   
Watching people running   
I often found myself carrying a punching bag on my back.   
However, the punching bags are usually not very large.   
They are primarily using it to build leg strength.   
   
So he thought   
If he wants to improve his wing power   
You won't achieve your goals with a regular punching bag.   
Because it's too light   
And as his own power grows   
If the weight of the punching bag does not change   
You can't be stronger   
   
To make his wings strong enough to fly   
I decided to carry a punching bag that sealed the power of the Demon King.   
He is day and night   
I practiced beating my wings continuously.    
When his power doubles   
The weight of the bag will also double.    
He borrowed the power of the Demon King   
I continued my training.   
   
His wings grow bigger   
One day he spread his wings and   
It is higher than the roof   
It was bigger than the garden.   
And he decided to give it a try.   
To see if I can fly   
   
He came to the great plain   
Test flights are conducted here   
He flapped his wings   
I tried to fly with all my might   
Even if it's just a millimeter   
But he couldn't fly   
He tried again and again   
But he still couldn't fly   
And he almost lost hope   
   
At that time,   
A girl passed by him    
The girl said   
"Wow, your wings are so pretty!   
I've never seen such beautiful wings before.   
And it grows on a human body."   
   
And the girl said again    
"But it's weird.   
Why are you carrying such a big bag of sand when you're trying to fly?"   
   
Then the boy realized   
In fact, he has been training with sandbags on his back for many years.     
What you really need when flying   
It was because he had forgotten that he was carrying a sandbag.     
   
The girl said mischievously.    
"Look!   
If I hadn't made them realize it,   
When will I be able to fly?   
Hahaha   
So how are you going to thank us?"   
   
The boy had never seen such a beautiful and kind girl.   
He blushed.   
I was so embarrassed that I couldn't speak at all.   
   
The girl said again   
"Well, promise me. 
When you try flying, try holding me and flying 
How is it?」   
"I want to know what it feels like to see the world from the sky."   
The boy replied   
"That's not difficult,   
But this is my first test flight.   
I don't have enough confidence   
That could be quite dangerous   
Are you sure?」   
   
Then the girl smiled and said   
"If you're going to fly, I'll follow you!"   
   
And with the help of the girl   
The boy removed the sandbag.   
And hold the girl   
Slowly at first   
Gradually accelerate   
He flapped his wings   
To my surprise, in no time   
They flew into the clouds   
There is a palace in the clouds,   
There were many beautiful flowers blooming there.   
Neither of us had ever experienced such a sight.   
   
The two of them gazed upon the white rubber flowers.   
I smelled that scent   
This scent is unlike anything I've ever experienced on earth.   
It was very light and attractive.   
And they sat down on the ground and cried together   
   
Go ahead   
Inside the palace   
The Buddha Koseki is preaching the Dharma   
Bodhisattvas and Arahants of each path stand on either side   
Just the Buddha points to the flowers   
Birch petals fall like a heavy rain   
Raining from the sky   
Falling to the ground in the clouds   
The ground becomes like a sea of ​​petals   
I can't tell the difference between clouds and flowers   
   
At that time   
Those present only smell a faint scent.   
However, the scent is the same as that of a single birch flower.   
   
Manjusri asks the Buddha   
There are so many flowers   
Why doesn't the scent get stronger?   
   
Only Koseki Nyorai is seated on the treasured throne of Leo.   
With unsurpassed splendor and unparalleled majesty   
A golden light radiates from the whole body.   
Illuminating the Sea of ​​Flowers   
The clouds instantly turn into a golden sea   
When the people on land look up   
All I can see is a golden sky   
I can't find the position of the sun   
A golden mist hangs over the land of Shinshu.   
Where the fog reaches   
Flowers bloom all at once   
The wilted leaves become green again   
All the plants rustle with a golden mist   
Forming a rhythm   
Thirty-two melodies are born   
Temporary   
All the instruments in the world   
To hear nature's amazing symphonies   
Keep quiet   
All humans, all animals, all life   
Worship Together   
Praise this magnificent sight   
   
A divine beast lies prostrate next to the Koseki Buddha.   
His Buddhist name is Koukou.   
Xiang's whole body is covered with snow-white fur.   
If you look closely, you can see that each individual hair emits a silvery white light.   
It is faintly visible, sometimes it is there, sometimes it is not.   
He possesses infinite purity.   
With the utmost solemnity   
Possesses infinite wisdom   
The bodhisattvas and arhats who saw his light   
Instantly acquire pure eyes   
Observe everything   
It is said that it can break evil and show you the truth.   
That's called pure eye.   
   
The Buddha of Incense answers:   
"All these flowers   
A pure and spotless flower   
From petals to the center   
No greed whatsoever   
Therefore   
They suppress their own scent   
It gives its scent to other flowers."   
   
At this time   
The Great Bodhisattva stepped forward   
Put your hands together   
Ask the Buddha   
"In that case   
Why is it just a single flower here?   
Can you detect a faint scent? 
   
At that time   
In the middle of the sea of ​​flowers, a single flower shook gently.   
The other flowers are completely still.   
When everyone turns their gaze   
There was a big red thorn flower there.   
To make sure   
Everyone approached each other.   
I sniffed the scent   
After confirming that it is this flower that is giving off the scent   
She floats up into the air   
Made it so everyone can see   
and   
She began to emit an ever-increasing floral scent.   
immediately   
102 angels smell this fragrance   
She had a charming smile   
The more than 100,000 Arahants present   
As soon as I smell this fragrance   
I have attained the bodhi mind that will never turn back.   
   
At this time   
The Buddha speaks to everyone   
"actually   
All the flowers have lost their scent   
Only one flower emits a fragrance   
Not only did she refuse to smell the flowers,   
He rejected the commandment itself.   
Therefore   
Her scent is selfless   
Big or small   
Thick or thin   
Completely natural   
This scent is a scent   
It is fragrance-free.   
It is Hannya.   
It is meditation.   
It is a great cleansing   
Great freedom.   
This is the highest level of enlightenment."   
   
The boy and girl sitting at the far end of the main hall   
Listening to the Buddha's teachings   
At that time   
The boy asks the girl   
"We have not yet seen the world from the air.   
Should I go and see it now?”   
   
but,   
The girl takes the boy's hand   
I say   
"This is a really beautiful place.   
We're going to live here from now on.   
Forget the dreams of the past,   
I will never see the world again.   
What do you think?”   
   
The boy is silent   
They sat on the ground and cried.   
Since then   
When they sit on the ground it rains   
Now the sun comes out when I feel cold   
They never wanted to see the world again   
I forgot about the wings and the sandbags.   
They then   
I lived a life like a hermit. 
